vote: Mossaka as TiKV reviewer (#148)
tikv/community: votes/0146-mossaka-as-tikv-reviewer.md

# A Vote for Mossaka as TiKV Reviewer

## Proposal

> [@Mossaka](https://github.com/Mossaka) has developed the nodejs client by his own and also has contributed to the python client, and until now these two clients has already released their first versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@Mossaka](https://github.com/Mossaka) has developed the Node.js client by his own and also has contributed to the Python client, and until now these two clients has already released their first versions.
```
